README.md, before:

<h1> Thread UI [Component-Library]</h1>
<font size="3"> 

Utilize the library to develop an amazing and seamless user interface. 

<br/>

## Documentation

View the documentation: [Component Library](https://threadui.netlify.app/)

---

## Installation

Utilize the components in your project by adding the stylesheet to the html file.
```html
<link href="https://threadui.netlify.app/components/component.css" rel="stylesheet"/>
```
Or import it in css file.
```css
@import url('https://threadui.netlify.app/components/component.css');
```
---

## Components Overview.

1. [`Avatar`](#avatar)
1. [`Alert`](#alert)
1. [`Badge`](#badge)
1. [`Button`](#button)
1. [`Card`](#card)
1. [`Image`](#image)
1. [`Input`](#input)
1. [`Snackbar`](#snackbar)
1. [`Grid`](#grid)
1. [`Modal`](#modal)
1. [`Rating`](#rating)
1. [`Navbar`](#navbar)
1. [`List`](#list)
1. [`Typography (Heading)`](#list)
1. [`Typography (Text)`](#modal)
1. [`Typography (Utilities)`](#text-utilities)

---

## Avatar

Avatar represent the user profiles.

1. Text Avatar

    ![Text - Avatar](/assests/readme/avatar1.png)

1. Image Avatar

    ![Image - Avatar](/assests/readme/avatar2.png)

View the avatar component : [Avatar](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/avatar.html)

---
## Alert 

Alerts help in notifying the users about the activity that is happening currently or has taken place.

1. Action based Alert

    ![Action based Alert](/assests/readme/alert1.png)

1. Custom Alerts to create.

    ![Custom Alerts](/assests/readme/alert2.png)

1. Alert Positions
    To use position, assign position property to absolute.

    ![Alert Position](/assests/readme/alert3.png)

View the alert component : [Alert](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/alert.html)

---
## Badge

Badges help in showing the status of that users or help in noticfications.

1. Badge on Icons

    ![Badge on Icons](/assests/readme/badge1.png)

1. Badge on Avatars

    ![Badge on Avatars](/assests/readme/badge2.png)

View the badge component : [Badge](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/badge.html)

---

## Button

Buttons help users to interact with the pages.

1. Primary button.

    ![Primary button](/assests/readme/button1.png)


1. Primary Buttons with Icons

    ![Primary Buttons with Icons](/assests/readme/button2.png)


1. Link Buttons.

    ![Link Buttons](/assests/readme/button3.png)

1. Icon Button.

    ![Icon Button](/assests/readme/button4.png)

1. Floating Action Button.

    ![Floating Action Button](/assests/readme/button5.png)

View the button component : [Button](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/button.html)

---

## Card

Cards provides information about the products to user.

1. Vertical Card

    1. Basic Card.

    1. Card with title over media.

    1. Card with title above media.

    1. Card with title and media.

    1. Disabled Card.

    ![Vertical Card](/assests/readme/card1.png)

1. Horizontal Card

    1. Basic Short Card

    1. Basic Medium Card

    1. Basic Large Card

    ![Horizontal Card](/assests/readme/card2.png)

View the card component : [Card](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/card.html)

---

## Image

Images give pictorial representation of the content.

1. Responsive Image

1. Round Image.

    ![Round Image](/assests/readme/image1.png)

View the image component : [Image](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/image.html)

---

## Input

Input are boxes wherein the user can write their answers.

1. Input Box

    ![Input box](/assests/readme/input1.png)

1. Radio & Checkbox.

    ![Checkbox](/assests/readme/input2.png)

    ![Radio](/assests/readme/input3.png)

    ![Switch](/assests/readme/input4.png)   

1. InputBox with Icon Buttons

    ![InputBox with Icon Buttons](/assests/readme/input5.png)

1. InputBox with Icon

    ![InputBox with Icon](/assests/readme/input6.png)

View the input component : [Input](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/input.html)

---
## Snackbar

Snackbar provides short messages to users.

  ![Snackbar](/assests/readme/snackbar.png)

View the snackbar component : [Snackbar](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/snackbar.html)

---
## Grid

Grid makes layouts more easier to use.

1. Grid with n columns [n stands for Numbers of column.]

1. Grid with 2 columns of ratio 70% and 30%.

1. Grid with 2 columns of ratio 70% and 30%.

View the grid component : [Grid](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/grid.html)

---
## Modal

Modals are popup screens to display messages or take inputs from user.

  ![Modal](/assests/readme/modal1.png)

View the modal component : [Modal](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/modal.html)

---
## Rating

Rating helps users to give feedbacks or experience of the user.

1. Star Rating.

    ![Star Rating](/assests/readme/rating1.png)

1. Custom Icon Rating.

    ![Custom Icon Rating](/assests/readme/rating2.png)

View the rating component : [Rating](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/rating.html)

---
## Navbar

It helps in navigating through the application.

1. Basic Navbar.

    ![Basic Navbar](/assests/readme/navbar1.png)

1. Basic Navbar 2.

    ![Basic Navbar 2](/assests/readme/navbar2.png)

1. Basic Responsive Navbar.

1. Basic Responsive Navbar 2.

View the navbar component : [Navbar](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/navbar.html)

---
## List

Group of items placed together.

1. Unordered List.

1. Unordered List with Coloured Markers.

    ![Unordered List with Coloured Markers](/assests/readme/list1.png)

1. Ordered List.

1. Ordered List with Coloured Markers.

1. Notification.

    ![Notification](/assests/readme/list2.png)

1. Notification 2.

    ![Notification 2](/assests/readme/list3.png)


View the list component : [List](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/list.html)

---
## Typography (Heading)

  ![Headings](/assests/readme/typography1.png)

View the heading component : [Heading](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/typography-heading.html)

---
## Typography (Text)

  ![Text](/assests/readme/typography2.png)

View the text component : [Text](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/typography-text.html)

---
## Typography (Utilities)

Properties that can be applied on text.

1. Font weight.

    ![Font weight](/assests/readme/typography3.png)

1. Text Casing.

    ![Basic Navbar 2](/assests/readme/typography4.png)

1. Text Align.

    ![Basic Navbar](/assests/readme/typography5.png)

1. Text Decoration.

    1. Line Type.
      
        ![Basic Navbar 2](/assests/readme/typography6.png)

    1. Line Style.

        ![Basic Navbar 2](/assests/readme/typography7.png)


View the utilities component : [Utilities](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/typography-helper.html)

---
</font>

Commit message:

Updated slider in Readme file

README.md, after:

<h1> Thread UI [Component-Library]</h1>
<font size="3"> 

Utilize the library to develop an amazing and seamless user interface. 

<br/>

## Documentation

View the documentation: [Component Library](https://threadui.netlify.app/)

---

## Installation

Utilize the components in your project by adding the stylesheet to the html file.
```html
<link href="https://threadui.netlify.app/components/component.css" rel="stylesheet"/>
```
Or import it in css file.
```css
@import url('https://threadui.netlify.app/components/component.css');
```
---

## Components Overview.

1. [`Avatar`](#avatar)
1. [`Alert`](#alert)
1. [`Badge`](#badge)
1. [`Button`](#button)
1. [`Card`](#card)
1. [`Image`](#image)
1. [`Input`](#input)
1. [`Snackbar`](#snackbar)
1. [`Grid`](#grid)
1. [`Modal`](#modal)
1. [`Rating`](#rating)
1. [`Navbar`](#navbar)
1. [`List`](#list)
1. [`Slider`](#slider)
1. [`Typography (Heading)`](#list)
1. [`Typography (Text)`](#modal)
1. [`Typography (Utilities)`](#text-utilities)

---

## Avatar

Avatar represent the user profiles.

1. Text Avatar

    ![Text - Avatar](/assests/readme/avatar1.png)

1. Image Avatar

    ![Image - Avatar](/assests/readme/avatar2.png)

View the avatar component : [Avatar](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/avatar.html)

---
## Alert 

Alerts help in notifying the users about the activity that is happening currently or has taken place.

1. Action based Alert

    ![Action based Alert](/assests/readme/alert1.png)

1. Custom Alerts to create.

    ![Custom Alerts](/assests/readme/alert2.png)

1. Alert Positions
    To use position, assign position property to absolute.

    ![Alert Position](/assests/readme/alert3.png)

View the alert component : [Alert](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/alert.html)

---
## Badge

Badges help in showing the status of that users or help in noticfications.

1. Badge on Icons

    ![Badge on Icons](/assests/readme/badge1.png)

1. Badge on Avatars

    ![Badge on Avatars](/assests/readme/badge2.png)

View the badge component : [Badge](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/badge.html)

---

## Button

Buttons help users to interact with the pages.

1. Primary button.

    ![Primary button](/assests/readme/button1.png)


1. Primary Buttons with Icons

    ![Primary Buttons with Icons](/assests/readme/button2.png)


1. Link Buttons.

    ![Link Buttons](/assests/readme/button3.png)

1. Icon Button.

    ![Icon Button](/assests/readme/button4.png)

1. Floating Action Button.

    ![Floating Action Button](/assests/readme/button5.png)

View the button component : [Button](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/button.html)

---

## Card

Cards provides information about the products to user.

1. Vertical Card

    1. Basic Card.

    1. Card with title over media.

    1. Card with title above media.

    1. Card with title and media.

    1. Disabled Card.

    ![Vertical Card](/assests/readme/card1.png)

1. Horizontal Card

    1. Basic Short Card

    1. Basic Medium Card

    1. Basic Large Card

    ![Horizontal Card](/assests/readme/card2.png)

View the card component : [Card](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/card.html)

---

## Image

Images give pictorial representation of the content.

1. Responsive Image

1. Round Image.

    ![Round Image](/assests/readme/image1.png)

View the image component : [Image](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/image.html)

---

## Input

Input are boxes wherein the user can write their answers.

1. Input Box

    ![Input box](/assests/readme/input1.png)

1. Radio & Checkbox.

    ![Checkbox](/assests/readme/input2.png)

    ![Radio](/assests/readme/input3.png)

    ![Switch](/assests/readme/input4.png)   

1. InputBox with Icon Buttons

    ![InputBox with Icon Buttons](/assests/readme/input5.png)

1. InputBox with Icon

    ![InputBox with Icon](/assests/readme/input6.png)

View the input component : [Input](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/input.html)

---
## Snackbar

Snackbar provides short messages to users.

  ![Snackbar](/assests/readme/snackbar.png)

View the snackbar component : [Snackbar](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/snackbar.html)

---
## Grid

Grid makes layouts more easier to use.

1. Grid with n columns [n stands for Numbers of column.]

1. Grid with 2 columns of ratio 70% and 30%.

1. Grid with 2 columns of ratio 70% and 30%.

View the grid component : [Grid](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/grid.html)

---
## Modal

Modals are popup screens to display messages or take inputs from user.

  ![Modal](/assests/readme/modal1.png)

View the modal component : [Modal](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/modal.html)

---
## Rating

Rating helps users to give feedbacks or experience of the user.

1. Star Rating.

    ![Star Rating](/assests/readme/rating1.png)

1. Custom Icon Rating.

    ![Custom Icon Rating](/assests/readme/rating2.png)

View the rating component : [Rating](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/rating.html)

---
## Navbar

It helps in navigating through the application.

1. Basic Navbar.

    ![Basic Navbar](/assests/readme/navbar1.png)

1. Basic Navbar 2.

    ![Basic Navbar 2](/assests/readme/navbar2.png)

1. Basic Responsive Navbar.

1. Basic Responsive Navbar 2.

View the navbar component : [Navbar](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/navbar.html)

---
## List

Group of items placed together.

1. Unordered List.

1. Unordered List with Coloured Markers.

    ![Unordered List with Coloured Markers](/assests/readme/list1.png)

1. Ordered List.

1. Ordered List with Coloured Markers.

1. Notification.

    ![Notification](/assests/readme/list2.png)

1. Notification 2.

    ![Notification 2](/assests/readme/list3.png)


View the list component : [List](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/list.html)

---

## Slider

1. Basic Slider.

1. Basic Slider with label.

View the slider component : [Slider](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/slider.html)

---
## Typography (Heading)

  ![Headings](/assests/readme/typography1.png)

View the heading component : [Heading](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/typography-heading.html)

---
## Typography (Text)

  ![Text](/assests/readme/typography2.png)

View the text component : [Text](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/typography-text.html)

---
## Typography (Utilities)

Properties that can be applied on text.

1. Font weight.

    ![Font weight](/assests/readme/typography3.png)

1. Text Casing.

    ![Basic Navbar 2](/assests/readme/typography4.png)

1. Text Align.

    ![Basic Navbar](/assests/readme/typography5.png)

1. Text Decoration.

    1. Line Type.
      
        ![Basic Navbar 2](/assests/readme/typography6.png)

    1. Line Style.

        ![Basic Navbar 2](/assests/readme/typography7.png)


View the utilities component : [Utilities](https://threadui.netlify.app/documentation/typography-helper.html)

---
</font>
